Windows Downloads with exe2hex
and PowerShell
PowerShell is incredibly powerful and is
installed by default
in all modern versions of Windows.
In the following example, we'll transfer
a binary file using PowerShell
by taking a somewhat circuitous,
although very interesting route.
Starting on our Kali machine,
we’ll compress our binary,
convert it to hex, and create a
Windows script.
On the Windows machine, we’ll paste
this script into our shell, and run it.
It will redirect the hex data into
powershell.exe,
which will assemble it back into a binary.
This will be done through a series of
non-interactive commands.
As an example, let’s transfer Netcat from
our Kali Linux machine
to our Windows client over a remote shell.
We’ll start by locating and inspecting
the nc.exe file on Kali Linux.
Although the binary is quite small, we’ll
reduce the file size
to show how it’s done.
We’ll use upx, which is an
executable packer,
also known as a PE compression tool.
As we can see, upx has decreased the file
size of nc.exe by 50%.
Despite the smaller size, the Windows PE
file is still functional
and can be run as normal.
Now that our file is optimized and ready
for transfer,
we can convert nc.exe to a Windows
script to run on the Windows machine,
which will convert the file to hex
and instruct powershell to assemble
it back into binary.
We’ll use the excellent exe2hex tool
for the conversion process.
Notice how the commands in this script
are non-interactive,
mostly consisting of echo commands.
Towards the end of the script are commands
that will rebuild the nc.exe executable
on the target machine.
We can copy the entire script to the
clipboard
by piping it into the xclip utility.
Now let’s paste it into our bind shell.
After pasting this script into our shell,
it does, in fact,
create a perfectly-working copy of
our original nc.exe.